So it's really like I think part of the really important part of the process of package lifecycle
and package development is not just adding new functions, but it is equally important
to remove those functions. And we know that removing functions that used to work is frustrating.
And so we have developed this process, this lifecycle process of deprecation, where it
starts with pretty mild warnings and kind of gets progressively aggressive, more and
more aggressive over time. We hope this is useful. We hope that this kind of gradually
pushes you towards the golden path without like forcing you rudely when you're working
on something else to urgently switch something. But at the same time, we believe that we want
these functions to be better. We want these things to have a more consistent, cohesive
syntax because that makes it easier for future users. And I think we're doing pretty well.
We've certainly got a lot better, I think, at handling deprecations and breakages, but
we're certainly still trying, still learning. And if you have any feedback, please let us know.